bpo-30677: [doc] mention that os.mkdir() can raise FileNotFoundError (#31548)
python/cpython: Doc/library/os.rst

   Create a directory named *path* with numeric mode *mode*.

   If the directory already exists, :exc:`FileExistsError` is raised. If a parent

>    directory in the path doesn't exist, :exc:`FileNotFoundError` is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   directory in the path does not exist, :exc:`FileNotFoundError` is raised.
```
